Fix undefined metasql (#68)
metarhia/Example: README.md

- Remove unneeded dependencies if your project doesn't require them
- Add your license to `LICENSE` file but don't remove starter kit license
- Start your project modifying this starter kit
- Before running server initialize the DB:
  - First of all, make sure you have PostgreSQL installed.

>   - Create new user "marcus" `createuser -DRSP marcus`
>   - Create new DB for our app `createdb -O marcus application`
>   - Init DB schema `psql -U marcus -d application -a -f ~/metarhia/Example/application/db/structure.sql`
>   - Fill DB with example data `psql -U marcus -d application -a -f ~/metarhia/Example/application/db/data.sql`
>   - DB ready!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Create new user and database for the application: `psql -f application/db/install.sql -U postgres`
  - Initialize database structure: `PGPASSWORD=marcus psql -d application -f application/db/structure.sql -U marcus`
  - Initialize database data: `PGPASSWORD=marcus psql -d application -f application/db/data.sql -U marcus`
```
